Add layout template (#22)
wmde/wikidata-mismatch-finder: docs/README.md

  Time:   0.16s
```

## Frontend - Working with CSS and JS <a id="frontend"></a>

Add the JS and CSS code in the `resources/js` and `resources/css` folder respectively.

> These files will be re-built everytime by webpack in the `public/js` and `public/css` folders for them to be used in the application. For this to happen run `npm run dev` in the console.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Laravel mix (and webpack in the background) is responsible for compiling all of the frontend assets placed in these resources subfolders.

To watch for changes in your frontend files, simply run:
\```
npm run watch
\```

To manually compile assets for your local dev environment run:
\```
npm run dev
\```  
```
